c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.exe
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.pdb
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\obj\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\obj\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.exe
c:\users\akenn\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\obj\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.pdb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile069.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile070.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile071.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile092.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile093.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile094.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile115.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile116.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile117.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\editorbutton.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\gamebutton.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\blank.png
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\icons\cursor.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\icons\highlight.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile130.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile131.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile132.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile133.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile134.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile135.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile136.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile137.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile072.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile073.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile095.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile096.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile118.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile119.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\blank.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\toolbox\toolboxbackground.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\obj\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\obj\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.exe
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\obj\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.pdb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\blank.png
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\editorbutton.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\gamebutton.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile130.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile131.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile132.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile133.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile134.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile135.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile136.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile137.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\icons\cursor.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\icons\highlight.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\blank.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile069.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile070.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile071.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile072.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile073.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile092.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile093.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile094.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile095.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile096.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile115.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile116.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile117.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile118.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile119.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\toolbox\toolboxbackground.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.exe
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.pdb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\load.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\mainmenu.xnb
C:\Users\akenn\Documents\GitHub\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\save.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\blank.png
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\editorbutton.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\gamebutton.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\load.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\mainmenu.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\buttons\save.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile130.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile131.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile132.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile133.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile134.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile135.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile136.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\decos\towerDefense_tile137.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\icons\cursor.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\icons\highlight.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\blank.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile069.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile070.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile071.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile072.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile073.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile092.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile093.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile094.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile095.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile096.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile115.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile116.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile117.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile118.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tiles\towerDefense_tile119.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\toolbox\toolboxbackground.xnb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.exe
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.pdb
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\obj\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\obj\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.exe
D:\Github\AlchemyTowerDefense\obj\x86\Debug\AlchemyTowerDefense.pdb
